Document automatically create network policies to allow Prometheus scraping traffic for workloads annotated with prometheus.io/scrape (#292)
otterize/docs: docs/features/network-mapping-network-policies/reference/Network-Policies-Deep-Dive.mdx

## Auto-generating network policies for Prometheus server

> When an intent generate a network policy that can block Prometheus server from querying metrics, the intents operator by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an intent generates a network policy that can block Prometheus from querying metrics, the intents operator by default
```

> will automatically generates network policies for this workload to enable Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will automatically generate network policies to enable Prometheus to access the metrics port on this workload.
```
